Updated Hilla React tutorial (#2869)
vaadin/docs: articles/react/start/basics/index.adoc

In this tutorial, you'll learn the basics of Hilla development by building a full-stack CRM application. The code snippets are optimized so you may _copy and paste_ them to have a working application up and running quickly.

[Screenshot]

== Requirements

There are only a few requirements:

- Java 17 or later;
- Node 18 or later;
- An IDE that supports Java and TypeScript -- IntelliJ Ultimate and VS Code are good choices; and
- Intermediate Java skills.

== Download Project Starter

To begin, you'll need to download the Project Starter by clicking on the button here.

++++
<p>
<a 
class="button primary water"
href="https://start.vaadin.com/dl?preset=hilla-crm-tutorial&projectName=hilla-crm" 
style="color:#FFFFFF"
 >Download project starter zip</a>
</p>
++++

You can also use the Hilla CLI to create a new project:

----
npx @hilla/cli init --preset=hilla-crm-tutorial hilla-crm
----

== Project Structure

The Starter is a standard Hilla project with a test database, and repositories for accessing it. Here's a quick overview of the relevant parts of the project:

> First, there's `frontend`, which contains the React frontend:
> - `views`
> -- `MainLayout.tsx` is the parent layout that includes the navigation bar;
> -- `contacts`, which includes `ContactsView.tsx`, the view you're implementing; and
> -- `routing.tsx` is routing setup for the application.
> 
> Second, there's `src`, which is the Spring Boot backend:
> - `com.example.application`
> -- `Application.java` is the main Spring Boot application class;
> -- `data` contains all the database-access-related code;
> --- `Contact.java` and `Company.java` are the JPA entities;
> --- `ContactRepository.java` and `CompanyRepository.java` are repositories for accessing the database; and
> --- `DataInitializer.java` populates the database with example data.
> -- `services` is where you'll create a backend service for the application.

Reviewer: @russelljtdyer, the changes you introduced make the bullets in the paragraph look proper. I much prefer Marcus's original formulation (except that there is a mistake in the original list, as it should `routes.tsx`, NOT "routing").

```suggestion
* `frontend` - contains the React frontend
** `views`
*** `MainLayout.tsx` is the parent layout that includes the navigation bar
*** `contacts`
**** `ContactsView.tsx` is the view we are implementing
** `routes.tsx` is routing setup for the app
* `src` is the Spring Boot backend
** `com.example.application`
*** `Application.java` is the main Spring Boot application class
*** `data` contains all the database-access-related code
**** `Contact.java` and `Company.java` are the JPA entities
**** `ContactRepository.java` and `CompanyRepository.java` are repositories for accessing the database
**** `DataInitializer.java` populates the database with example data 
*** `services` is where we will create a backend service for the application
```

@marcushellberg , company and companyRepo are present in the starter, but not mentioned in the list.

Author: They are there on the same line as contact and contact repo

== Run the Hilla Application

There are two ways to run the application: you can use your IDE to run `Application.java` -- this is recommended since it supports debugging; or you can run the default Maven goal from the command-line (i.e., `mvn`).

Hilla will automatically reload changes to frontend and backend code when saving. IntelliJ requires you manually to build the project after making changes to Java code, while VS Code will  build automatically the project on save.

== Create a Browser-Callable Java Service

> Hilla makes it possible to call Java classes from TypeScript with the `@BrowserCallable` annotation. To do this, create a `CRMService.java` class in the `com.example.application.service` package. The service handles both listing and saving Contacts. Add the following code to the class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hilla makes it possible to call Java classes from TypeScript with the `@BrowserCallable` annotation. To do this, create a `CRMService.java` class in the `com.example.application.services` package. The service handles both listing and saving Contacts. Add the following code to the class:
```

        var dbContact = contactRepository.findById(contact.id).orElseThrow();
        var company = companyRepository.findById(contact.company.id).orElseThrow();

        dbContact.setFirstName(contact.firstName);
        dbContact.setLastName(contact.lastName);
        dbContact.setEmail(contact.email);
        dbContact.setCompany(company);

        var saved = contactRepository.save(dbContact);

        return toContactRecord(saved);
    }

}
----

- The `@BrowserCallable` annotation makes all public methods in the service available to call from TypeScript. 
- `@AnonymousAllowed` turns off access control for this service. Check out the security section to learn how Hilla uses Spring Security to secure server access.
- The service injects `ContactRepository` and `CompanyRepository` in the constructor for database access.
- This defines DTOs for the view as Java Records, including validation annotations that you want to enforce, both in the UI and the service.
- The service defines the CRUD methods needed for the CRM. 

Now, you'll have to build the application. Hilla will generate the needed TypeScript for accessing the service.

== Listing Contacts in a Data Grid

> With the backend completed, you can start building the UI. Change the contents of `ContactsView.tsx` to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the backend completed, you can start building the UI. Change the contents of `Frontend/views/contacts/ContactsView.tsx` to the following:
```
